Update `Featured Artists` (#10076)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/People/Featured_Artists/en.md

The website's [Featured Artist listing](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists) showcases each involved artist. Each artist's page houses general information about their music and a list of their tracks licensed for use in osu! accompanied by pre-timed `.osz` files for beatmapping.

> The [osu! team](/wiki/People/osu!_team) sometimes collaborates with artists to create new tracks for use in osu!, called [osu! originals](/wiki/osu!_originals). These are labelled as such in the Featured Artist catalogue.

Reviewer: you also need to outdate `fr.md` because I don't see your additions there

## Selection

> Additions to the Featured Artist library are selected indirectly by the osu! community. If beatmappers create and rank maps for an artist, the osu! team may reach out to the artist to discuss the Featured Artist program. However, some artists are occasionally invited to become Featured Artists based on other factors, such as their expected appeal to osu!'s beatmapping audience.

Reviewer: "beatmappers" is rather uncommon as opposed to just "mappers", better rephrase that sentence

Author: ?

```suggestion
Additions to the Featured Artist library are selected indirectly by the osu! community. If mappers create and rank maps for an artist, the osu! team may reach out to the artist to discuss the Featured Artist program. However, some artists are occasionally invited to become Featured Artists based on other factors, such as their expected appeal to osu!'s mapping audience.
```

Author: there isn't a single repeated word in that phrase.. ? <.<
